see see see we don't care about this
match see see see see which way did he
go which weirdly go we don't care about
this match to be honest batista vs
alberto there over your and it's
something Bateses to do until he goes to
Wrestlemania so you know that W is
probably not gonna win this match what
so ever to be honest but this has been
quite he'll ish over the last few weeks
anyway using the announce table to
powerbomb Alberto Del Rio it's kind of
meh not fast you know it's a squash
match it's awesome that to refer to give
Albert or fighting chance in the
simulation I did give him a finisher
straight away because obviously he only
has the solution finish it you can never
win with the armbar on the first go in
the earth the ISO gave him a fighting
chance and I think that the might save
is ass night not dumbbell we'll see
we'll see when we do go to the end of
that either way we let's just talk about
Batista's like the opponents with
WrestleMania because obviously it's
going to be 16 men Orton Cena Sheamus
Christian Antonio Cesaro oxazole know is
he likes to be called or Daniel Bryan
now I hope it's Daniel Bryan the chances
are they're going to make it autumn or
Cena we don't really care we don't want
another a senior main event to be honest
senior am Batista had some great
managers to be honest there's no denying
er actually SummerSlam match was brewing
years and years ago with Batista
countering one of his path the scene his
pattern top leg drop rocker dropper
things with a Batista Bomb that was
awesome but since then both for a bit
older while Batista's certainly lot
older His Royal Rumble performance
wasn't slick wasn't like the rock when
he came back it was nice and fluid and
they didn't look like he lost a step it
did with Batista and too much masters of
the galaxy of him too much makeup
probably hope he de has a lovely little
reprieve and this shows off that he
still got it he hasn't really had
top of one-on-one match yet so this is a
testing stone for him because if you
can't pull it off then this is the
proper manner this should be the main
event in title at mania you know the
last match this is why the title is the
biggest thing you should always be the
last match unless there's something more
iconic like Hogan versus on got a tip
which one liver anger Undertaker
Undertaker the dirt man which will never
happen either the tokens can't vessel it
saves life anymore I want to take a
sting a little more awesome as well on
you know something to go down to the
bowels of could get Undertaker block
maybe maybe i will talk about something
else cuz alberta there we love these not
going to get much of a job wessel
meaningless is fine for like the IC belt
or something like that that's a big
spinebuster but only a two-count only to
account that's all you get the two stuff
you think a spinebuster is going to help
him win I swinging neckbreaker technical
maneuver which will never see beasties
to do and Del Rio is powering up his
attack do do his dynamic gumbo
clothesline Anna closely and ducking and
hitting the tilt awhirl backbreaker I
know it's Weaver Orton's come out
because they haven't updated it they
don't use the rigging ropes they just
stop and turn around I think they'll
have to update it so in users doing
whoops there's a enziguri in the horn
app gonna drag a me knocked him out
knock them out this Roberto block we get
in the background as a poster mmm gobble
cutter mm-hmm same Sangha Oh whip into
the corner could be careful there we go
all the ends are key but you can know
someone the enter key with one small
that's gonna do it and of course i'll
make it once more all you get his hands
on the ropes too close to the burbs
maybe delhi wants another 1i third one
welcome the arm a bit more it's gotta be
red surely surely that surely surely but
back to put will do the job spike him on
his head
go for the cover girl for the cover
while you have a chance oh no punch kick
empties that handle to have this bar
artist or album hopefully there's a
sit-out powerful not just a regular pal
might as well just call it a jackknife
then I don't mind that the test is back
I don't hate them and all I like
watching his match with back then but
does he need to come back now Oh is he
doing like block for the paycheck he's
gonna be full time or is he just gonna
met just be there for one match we'll
see soon enough that's the Elimination
Chamber predictions for Alberta there we
are amber to stop there's more to come
so watch out and see you soon for more w
2k14 goodness but I know
you